---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "propelauth_api_key_settings Resource - propelauth"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Api Key Configurations. API Key authentication allows you to create API Keys for your end users as well as your organizations in order to protect requests they make to your product. This resource is for configuring the API key settings in your project.
  Note: API Keys are only available for use in non-test environments for some pricing plans.
---

# propelauth_api_key_settings (Resource)

Api Key Configurations. API Key authentication allows you to create API Keys for your end users as well as your organizations in order to protect requests they make to your product. This resource is for configuring the API key settings in your project.

Note: API Keys are only available for use in non-test environments for some pricing plans.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Configure the API key settings for your PropelAuth project.
resource "propelauth_api_key_settings" "example" {
  personal_api_keys_enabled                = true
  org_api_keys_enabled                     = true
  invalidate_org_api_key_upon_user_removal = true
  api_key_config = {
    expiration_options = {
      options = [
        "TwoWeeks",
        "OneMonth",
        "ThreeMonths",
      ]
      default = "ThreeMonths"
    }
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `api_key_config` (Attributes) API Key Configuration. This is for setting the options available to your users when creating an API key. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--api_key_config))
- `invalidate_org_api_key_upon_user_removal` (Boolean) If true, invalidate org API keys when the user that created them is removed from the organization. The default setting is false.
- `org_api_key_rate_limit` (Attributes) Organization API Key Rate Limit. This sets the rate limit that will be applied to validations on your end users' organizations' API keys. This is calculated and applied per organization for all keys the organization owns as opposed to per key. Note: Rate limits are only available on some pricing plans. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--org_api_key_rate_limit))
- `org_api_keys_enabled` (Boolean) Allow users to create API keys for their organization. The default setting is false.
- `personal_api_key_rate_limit` (Attributes) Personal API Key Rate Limit. This sets the rate limit that will be applied to validations on your end users' personal API keys. This is calculated and applied per user for all keys they own as opposed to per key.Note: Rate limits are only available on some pricing plans. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--personal_api_key_rate_limit))
- `personal_api_keys_enabled` (Boolean) Allow users to create personal API keys. The default setting is false.

<a id="nestedatt--api_key_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `api_key_config`

Required:

- `expiration_options` (Attributes) API Key Expiration Options. This is for setting the options available to your users when creating an API key. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--api_key_config--expiration_options))

<a id="nestedatt--api_key_config--expiration_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `api_key_config.expiration_options`

Required:

- `default` (String) The default expiration option for an API key. Valid values are `TwoWeeks`, `OneMonth`, `ThreeMonths`, `SixMonths`, `OneYear`, and `Never`.
- `options` (List of String) The options available for the expiration of an API key. Valid values are `TwoWeeks`, `OneMonth`, `ThreeMonths`, `SixMonths`, `OneYear`, and `Never`.



<a id="nestedatt--org_api_key_rate_limit"></a>
### Nested Schema for `org_api_key_rate_limit`

Required:

- `allow_per_period` (Number) The number of requests allowed per period.
- `period_size` (Number) The number of `period_type` units for calculating and applying your rate limit.
- `period_type` (String) The unit of time for time for calculating and applying your rate limit. Valid values are `seconds`, `minutes`, `hours`, or `days`.


<a id="nestedatt--personal_api_key_rate_limit"></a>
### Nested Schema for `personal_api_key_rate_limit`

Required:

- `allow_per_period` (Number) The number of requests allowed per period.
- `period_size` (Number) The number of `period_type` units for calculating and applying your rate limit.
- `period_type` (String) The unit of time for time for calculating and applying your rate limit. Valid values are `seconds`, `minutes`, `hours`, or `days`.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# As there is only one api_key_settings per project there's no need to specify the id,
# but terraform import requires an id to be specified, so we can use an arbitrary string here.
terraform import propelauth_api_key_settings.example arbitrary_string_here
```
