---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "propelauth_basic_auth_configuration Resource - propelauth"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Basic Auth Configuration. This is for configuring basic authentication, signup, and user-account-management settings in PropelAuth.
---

# propelauth_basic_auth_configuration (Resource)

Basic Auth Configuration. This is for configuring basic authentication, signup, and user-account-management settings in PropelAuth.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Configure basic authentication settings for your PropelAuth project.
resource "propelauth_basic_auth_configuration" "example" {
  has_password_login     = true
  has_passwordless_login = true
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `allow_users_to_signup_with_personal_email` (Boolean) If true, your users will be able to sign up using personal email domains (@gmail.com, @yahoo.com, etc.).The default setting is true. This is only enabled if `signup_domain_allowlist_enabled` is false.
- `has_password_login` (Boolean) If true, your users will be able to log in using their email and password. The default setting is true.
- `has_passwordless_login` (Boolean) If true, your users will be able to log in using a magic link sent to their email. The default setting is false.
- `include_login_method` (Boolean) If true, the login method will be included in the access token. The default setting is false.See `https://docs.propelauth.com/overview/user-management/user-properties#login-method-property` for more information.
- `signup_domain_allowlist` (List of String) A list of email domains that are allowed to sign up. This is only used if `signup_domain_allowlist_enabled` is true.
- `signup_domain_allowlist_enabled` (Boolean) If true, only users with email domains in the allowlist will be able to sign up. The default setting is false.
- `signup_domain_blocklist` (List of String) A list of email domains that are blocked from signing up. This is only used if `signup_domain_blocklist_enabled` is true and `signup_domain_allowlist_enabled` is false.
- `signup_domain_blocklist_enabled` (Boolean) If true, users with email domains in the blocklist will not be able to sign up. The default setting is false. This is only used if `signup_domain_allowlist_enabled` is false.
- `user_autologout_seconds` (Number) The number of seconds before a user is automatically logged out. The default setting is 1209600 (14 days).See also "user_autologout_type" for more information.
- `user_autologout_type` (String) This sets the behavior for when the counting for "user_autologout_seconds" starts. Valid values are "AfterInactivity" and the stricter "AfterLogin". The default setting is "AfterInactivity".
- `users_can_change_email` (Boolean) If true, your users will be able to change their email address. The default setting is true.
- `users_can_delete_own_account` (Boolean) If true, your users will be able to delete their own account. The default setting is false.
- `waitlist_users_enabled` (Boolean) If true, you will be able to use the APIs to collect emails before launching. The default setting is false.
