---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "propelauth_custom_domain Resource - propelauth"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This resource just sets up the process of verifying the domain. It will return the TXT and CNAME records that you need to add to your DNS settings. You will need to add these records to your DNS settings manually or using Terraform. Then, the propelauth_custom_domain_verification resource will verify the domain.
---

# propelauth_custom_domain (Resource)

This resource just sets up the process of verifying the domain. It will return the TXT and CNAME records that you need to add to your DNS settings. You will need to add these records to your DNS settings manually or using Terraform. Then, the `propelauth_custom_domain_verification` resource will verify the domain.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Initialize a custom domain with your PropelAuth environment. This does not verify the domain:
# You will need a DNS provider and the `propelauth_custom_domain_verification` resource to verify the domain.
resource "propelauth_custom_domain" "my_custom_domain" {
  environment = "Prod"
  domain      = "example.com"
  subdomain   = "app"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `domain` (String) The domain name for the custom domain. Your resulting auth domain will be `auth.<domain>`. You can also specify a subdomain like prod.example.com which will result in auth.prod.example.com
- `environment` (String) The environment for which you are configuring the custom domain. Accepted values are `Staging` and `Prod`. Note: Staging environments are only available on some pricing plans.

### Optional

- `subdomain` (String) The subdomain for the custom domain. This is optional, but recommended, as it will allow PropelAuth to automatically redirect users to your application after they login.

### Read-Only

- `cname_record_key` (String) The CNAME record key for the custom domain.
- `cname_record_key_without_domain` (String) The CNAME record key for the custom domain without the domain (e.g. just auth instead of auth.example.com) .
- `cname_record_value` (String) The CNAME record value for the custom domain.
- `txt_record_key` (String) The TXT record key for the custom domain.
- `txt_record_key_without_domain` (String) The TXT record key for the custom domain without the domain (e.g. just auth instead of auth.example.com) .
- `txt_record_value` (String) The TXT record value for the custom domain.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Custom domains can be imported by which environment they are in
terraform import propelauth_custom_domain.example Prod
# or
terraform import propelauth_custom_domain.example Staging
```
