---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "propelauth_theme Resource - propelauth"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Hosted Pages Look & Feel. This is for configuring the look and feel of your PropelAuth hosted pages
---

# propelauth_theme (Resource)

Hosted Pages Look & Feel. This is for configuring the look and feel of your PropelAuth hosted pages

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Set the logo for your PropelAuth project.
resource "propelauth_image" "logo_example" {
  source     = "${path.module}/git-merge.png"
  version    = "0.0.0"
  image_type = "logo"
}

# Set the favicon for your PropelAuth project.
resource "propelauth_image" "favicon_example" {
  source     = "${path.module}/git-merge.png"
  version    = "0.0.0"
  image_type = "favicon"
}

# Configure the look and feel for your PropelAuth hosted pages (eg login, account management, etc).
resource "propelauth_theme" "example" {
  header_font = "Fraunces"
  body_font   = "PlusJakartaSans"
  login_page_theme = {
    layout          = "Frameless"
    background_type = "Gradient"
    gradient_background_parameters = {
      background_gradient_start_color = "#0c1cf7"
      background_gradient_end_color   = "#000000"
      background_gradient_angle       = 45
      background_text_color           = "#ffffff"
    }
    frame_background_color  = "#ffffff"
    frame_text_color        = "#700278"
    primary_color           = "#02927d"
    primary_text_color      = "#ffffff"
    error_color             = "#cf222e"
    error_button_text_color = "#ffffff"
    border_color            = "#000000"
  }
  management_pages_theme = {
    main_background_color    = "#c1a0eb"
    main_text_color          = "#2d4036"
    navbar_background_color  = "#e4c7f2"
    navbar_text_color        = "#2d4036"
    action_button_color      = "#629c75"
    action_button_text_color = "#f7f7f7"
    border_color             = "#fcfcfc"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `login_page_theme` (Attributes) The theme for the login page (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--login_page_theme))
- `management_pages_theme` (Attributes) The theme for the account and organization management pages (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--management_pages_theme))

### Optional

- `body_font` (String) The font used for all body text in your hosted pages. This includes both login and management pages. The available options are the same as for `header_font`. The default value is `Inter`
- `display_project_name` (Boolean) If true, the project name is displayed in the header of the login page. The default value is `true`
- `header_font` (String) The font used for all headings in your hosted pages written in PascalCase. This includes both login and management pages. Options include `Roboto`, `Inter`, `OpenSans`, `Montserrat`, `Lato`, `Poppins`, `Raleway`, `Jost`, `Fraunces`, `Caveat`, `PlusJakartaSans`, etcThe default value is `Inter`

<a id="nestedatt--login_page_theme"></a>
### Nested Schema for `login_page_theme`

Optional:

- `background_type` (String) The type of background for the login page. Options include `Solid`, `Gradient`, and `Image`. The default value is `Solid`
- `border_color` (String) The color of the borders in the login page. The default value is `#e4e4e4`
- `error_button_text_color` (String) The color of the text on error messages and cancel button in the login page. The default value is `#ffffff`
- `error_color` (String) The color for error messages and cancel button in the login page. The default value is `#cf222e`
- `frame_background_color` (String) The background color within the frame in the login page. If the the `layout` is `Frameless`, this color is applied to the background of the input components on the page. The default value is `#ffffff`
- `frame_text_color` (String) The color of the text within the frame in the login page.  If the the `layout` is `Frameless`, this color is applied to text within input components on the page. The default value is `#0f0f0f`
- `gradient_background_parameters` (Attributes) The parameters required for a gradient background in the login page (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--login_page_theme--gradient_background_parameters))
- `image_background_parameters` (Attributes) The parameters required for an image background in the login page (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--login_page_theme--image_background_parameters))
- `layout` (String) The layout of the login page. Options include `Frame`, `Frameless`, and `Split`. The default value is `Frame`
- `primary_color` (String) The primary color of action buttons and links in the login page. The default value is `#50c878`
- `primary_text_color` (String) The color of the text on action buttons in the login page. The default value is `#f7f7f7`
- `solid_background_parameters` (Attributes) The parameters required for a solid background in the login page (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--login_page_theme--solid_background_parameters))
- `split_login_page_parameters` (Attributes) The extra parameters required to configure a split login page (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--login_page_theme--split_login_page_parameters))

<a id="nestedatt--login_page_theme--gradient_background_parameters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `login_page_theme.gradient_background_parameters`

Optional:

- `background_gradient_angle` (Number) The angle of the gradient background in the login page. The default value is `135`
- `background_gradient_end_color` (String) The end color of a gradient background in the login page. The default value is `#f7f7f7`
- `background_gradient_start_color` (String) The start color of a gradient background in the login page. The default value is `#f7f7f7`
- `background_text_color` (String) The color of the text on a gradient background in the login page. The default value is `#363636`


<a id="nestedatt--login_page_theme--image_background_parameters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `login_page_theme.image_background_parameters`

Optional:

- `background_text_color` (String) The color of the text on an image background in the login page. The default value is `#363636`
- `default_background_color` (String) The default color behind the background image in the login page. The default value is `#f7f7f7`


<a id="nestedatt--login_page_theme--solid_background_parameters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `login_page_theme.solid_background_parameters`

Optional:

- `background_color` (String) The color of a solid background in the login page. The default value is `#f7f7f7`
- `background_text_color` (String) The color of the text on a solid background in the login page. The default value is `#363636`


<a id="nestedatt--login_page_theme--split_login_page_parameters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `login_page_theme.split_login_page_parameters`

Optional:

- `content_type` (String) The type of content displayed on the side of the screen opposite the login components. Currently, options include `None` and `Text`. The default value is `None`
- `direction` (String) The side of the screen where all the login components are placed. Options include `Left` and `Right`. The default value is `Left`
- `header` (String) The header text displayed on the side of the screen opposite the login components. This is only displayed if `content_type` is `Text`
- `secondary_background_text_color` (String) The color of the subheader on the side of the screen opposite the login components. The header text in the same area uses the `background_text_color`. The default value is `#363636`
- `subheader` (String) The subheader text displayed on the side of the screen opposite the login components. This is only displayed if `content_type` is `Text`



<a id="nestedatt--management_pages_theme"></a>
### Nested Schema for `management_pages_theme`

Optional:

- `action_button_color` (String) The color of action buttons in the management pages. The default value is `#50c878`
- `action_button_text_color` (String) The color of the text on action buttons in the management pages. The default value is `#f7f7f7`
- `border_color` (String) The color of the border between the navbar and the main content area in the management pages. The default value is `#e4e4e4`
- `display_navbar` (Boolean) If true, the sidebar is displayed in the management pages. The default value is `true`
- `main_background_color` (String) The background color of the main content area in the management pages. The default value is `#f7f7f7`
- `main_text_color` (String) The color of the text in the main content area of the management pages. The default value is `#363636`
- `navbar_background_color` (String) The background color of the navigation bar in the management pages. The default value is `#ffffff`
- `navbar_text_color` (String) The color of the text in the navigation bar in the management pages. The default value is `#0f0f0f`
